hello everyone Derek H with all games
com we got something in the mail today
and since we do have a youtube channel
we are bound by the laws of youtube to
doing an unboxing so that's what we're
going to do we have the republic of
gamers asus gaming notebook pc g series
basically it's a super powerful gaming
laptop this one is i believe this is a
g51 l g51 j actually none of that's true
this is the gl550 1j it's nice black box
with a handle on the top handle look at
a handle and since it is black that
makes you know that is for gamers it's
heavy too big one not that is heavy but
my crazy heavy let's go ahead and open a
sucker up I see want to open this up
nice as soon as you open up you get a
nice republic of gamers logo there I'm
guessing you're going to assume since
you're a good person you're a good gamer
you will either keep this box forever
and ever or you will recycle it let's go
and open it up it's a nice a nice little
blanket here I'll take it out of his
blanket oh look at that that's nice wait
this is a 16 inch screen so my satin
black cover there's a embossed Asus logo
on it the republic of gamers logo the
republic of gamers logo is not it
doesn't light up i'm pretty sure yet in
fact I'm positive it does not light up
still is very nice over Oh have another
little blanket inside what's in it
another baby blanket goodbye baby
blanket okay here is the
here's the laptop nice red keys I they
do light up I'm gonna take that and
there and as you can have the nice big
has a nice big a touchpad on it okies
feel good we'll be doing a bigger review
on this later but now let's see what's
what else comes in this box I see put
you over there hello box open this up
and inside we have about what every
every laptop needs a power brick nice
power brick there i'm going to guess of
what where's threw something away
something just got thrown away oh there
you go here's another power cable they
can throw into the into the drawer I
need to think that you have all your
other power cables I say is the adapter
let's see what else we have no we have a
cable strap table strip okay cable tie
game time they're in search of the
incredible you will think this is a
novella like a little story about how
the engineers over asus went through the
trials and tribulations and hardships of
out of trying to build the most powerful
laptop in the history of laptops and
they sacrifice their careers and their
families for the goodness of all gamers
everywhere but the in search of
incredible is actually the warranty card
orange garden where I go here is the
safety precautions came with that please
do not blow yourself up with all this
power and instruction the user guide so
the crazy powerful laptop if you get by
seeing it's 18 pages that's all you need
I don't think gamers anywhere read
instructions the last time a gamer read
the
in a book for game was never and no
gamer has ever written instructions or
anything I wonder how to put a computer
together by this and look that much
right I guess this card goes in this
latter also in the box and this is manga
the battery that makes it all happen
it's going to light this sucker just all
this very real quick this up flip you
over okay if you need the specs for this
the specs are going to be on the screen
right there look their specs for some
reason I'm put this on I filmed this on
a green screen I'm not sure why I filmed
it on a green screen I probably should
have filmed it on a table that would
have made a lot more sense to put this
on a table or or floor or a bitch but I
put a green screen so maybe i'll make it
into a maybe i'll make it into a user
green screen to overlay a bench or
overlay a table or water or space or
something something nice this is going
to be something nice what this is the
asus gl550 1j republic of gamers gaming
laptop a lot of words it's a big laptop
is what it is